Handle error on core level (#2167)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

```
- **since**: 1.7.0

> ### onRuntimeErrorHandler
> <!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->
> > **NOTE**:  The **onRuntimeErrorHandler** only works if the micro frontend uses Luigi client and [disable-luigi-runtime-error-handling](advanced-options-luigi-client.md#disable-luigi-core-runtime-error-handling) is not disabled. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### onRuntimeErrorHandler

<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->
> **NOTE**:  The **onRuntimeErrorHandler** only works if the micro frontend uses Luigi Client and [disable-luigi-runtime-error-handling](advanced-options-luigi-client.md#disable-luigi-core-runtime-error-handling) is not disabled. 

```

- **type**: object

> - **description**: gives you the possibility to handle errors on core level. The error handler receives all unhandled errors of the micro frontends, which are using the Luigi Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: allows you to handle errors on the Core level. The error handler receives all unhandled errors from the micro frontends which are using the Luigi Client.
```

- **attributes**:

>   - **errorFn**:(function) gets an object `error` as parameter. The properties of this objects are the properties of the [error event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ErrorEvent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **errorFn**:(function) gets an object `error` as parameter. The properties of this object are the properties of the [error event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ErrorEvent).
```
